Here’s a clear, step-by-step guide for using your Pathway Subjects Dashboard (5th Sem).

1) Open the dashboard

https://ks-pathway-dashboard-final-sltj.vercel.app/

to open it in Chrome/Edge (recommended).

2) Choose your role & branch

Top-right controls:

Role: pick Teacher or HOD.

Branch: filter by Mechanical, Electronics, Automobiles, Civil, Computer Science, or All.
(All stats, table rows, and exports apply to the selected filter.)

3) Load your student list

You have two options:

A. Upload CSV

Click Upload / Manage Students → Choose File.

Select a CSV with header row:
USN,Name,Branch

Branch values must match exactly one of:
Mechanical, Electronics, Automobiles, Civil, Computer Science.

After upload, the students appear in the table.

B. Add students manually

Use the + Add Student row below the table.

Enter USN, Name, select Branch, click + Add Student.

Tip: Use Download CSV Template to get a ready format.

4) Enter assessment marks

Columns:

CIE1–CIE5 (Week 3/5/7/9/11): each max 30

Online Course: max 40

Profile/Synopsis: max 20

Portfolio: max 30

As you type:

The dashboard calculates Total (out of 240) and %.

Strict validation:

Only numbers allowed.

Values below 0 or above the max are denied with an alert and the field reverts to the previous valid value.

5) Locking (HOD only)

In HOD role, each row shows a Lock checkbox.

When locked:

Teachers cannot edit that student’s marks.

HOD can unlock anytime.

6) Export CSV (HOD only)

Set the Branch filter to the cohort you want (or All).

Click Export CSV.

A file like KS_Pathway_Computer Science_Export.csv downloads, containing:
USN,Name,Branch,CIE1..CIE5,Online,Profile,Portfolio,Total,Percentage,Locked

7) Quick Stats panel

Students: count in the current filter.

Avg Total: average total marks (0–240) across visible students.

Completion: average % of filled assessment fields across visible students.

8) Edit / remove students

Edit any cell directly (subject to role/lock).

Use the × Remove button at the end of a row to delete a student.

Locked rows can only be removed by HOD.

9) Data tips & best practices

Keep backups: after major updates, do an Export CSV.

CSV hygiene:

Keep only three columns in the upload file: USN,Name,Branch.

No extra commas or blank lines.

Ensure Branch names match the dropdown options exactly.

Duplicates: the app doesn’t merge duplicate USNs—remove manually if needed.

Browser refresh: this version is in-memory. If you refresh/close the page, re-upload your CSV to continue.

10) Troubleshooting

“Invalid entry” alert: value is non-numeric, negative, or above the allowed max—re-enter within range.

Export button disabled: switch Role to HOD.

Can’t edit a row: it’s Locked—ask HOD to unlock or switch to HOD role.


Nothing exported: check your Branch filter—there must be at least one visible record.
